README.md, before:

<!-- Ignacio Antequera Sanchez -->
# Hi there! 👋 I'm Ignacio Antequera Sanchez

## About Me
AI Research Scientist at DaSCI (Andalusian Institute in Artificial Intelligence) 

- Bachelor's degree in Mathematics and Computer Science
- Master's degree in Data Science & Computer Engineering

My passion lies in the realms of AI, machine learning, data engineering, and software development.

"Tú eres la única causa de tu buena suerte, que es la suma de preparación más oportunidad"

## 💻 Tech Stack
I'm well-versed in a range of programming languages, tools, and frameworks, including:

<p align="left"> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

And I'm actively exploring more!

## 🏆 Achievements
- 🏅 I studied for five years in New York City, United States, where I earned a double major in Mathematics and Computer Science while competing as a student-athlete on the St. John's soccer team.
- 🎓 Awarded Dean’s List 2021-2022 | Big East All-Academic Team 2021-2022 | Dr. Edward J. Miranda Memorial Award | Certificate of Scholastic Excellence

📬 Let's Connect
I'm always excited to collaborate, learn, and grow. Feel free to contact me!

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ignacio-antequera)  ||  [GitHub](https://github.com/Ignacio-Antequera)  ||  [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com/Ignacio_antequera)

---

<p align="center"> Ignacio Antequera Sanchez </p>

Commit message:

Revise achievements and add Master's Thesis details
Updated achievements section for clarity and added details about the Master's Thesis.

README.md, after:

<!-- Ignacio Antequera Sanchez -->
# Hi there! 👋 I'm Ignacio Antequera Sanchez

## About Me
AI Research Scientist at DaSCI (Andalusian Institute in Artificial Intelligence) 

- Bachelor's degree in Mathematics and Computer Science
- Master's degree in Data Science & Computer Engineering

My passion lies in the realms of AI, machine learning, data engineering, and software development.

"Tú eres la única causa de tu buena suerte, que es la suma de preparación más oportunidad"

## 💻 Tech Stack
I'm well-versed in a range of programming languages, tools, and frameworks, including:

<p align="left"> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

And I'm actively exploring more!

## 🏆 Achievements
- 🏅 I studied for five years in New York City where I earned a double degree in Mathematics and Computer Science while competing as a student-athlete on the St. John's soccer team.
- 🎓 Awarded Dean’s List 2021-2022 | Big East All-Academic Team 2021-2022 | Dr. Edward J. Miranda Memorial Award | Certificate of Scholastic Excellence
- 🎓 Matrícula de Honor – Master’s Thesis:

Awarded the highest distinction, Matrícula de Honor, for the Master’s Thesis titled “Out-of-Distribution Detection in Monument Classification Through Nested Dichotomies”, by unanimous decision of the Academic Committee in the Master’s in Data Science and Computer Engineering program.

📬 Let's Connect
I'm always excited to collaborate, learn, and grow. Feel free to contact me!

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ignacio-antequera)  ||  [GitHub](https://github.com/Ignacio-Antequera)  ||  [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com/Ignacio_antequera)

---

<p align="center"> Ignacio Antequera Sanchez </p>
